README.md, before:

# Mapping from MySQL to RDF Triples

Using Zazuko's [Expressive RDF Mapper (XRM)](https://github.com/zazuko/expressive-rdf-mapper).

The Eclipse plugin or the VS Code extension, the project will automatically write the mapping to [`./src-gen`](./src-gen).

## Prerequisites

* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-started)
* [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)
* GNU Make

## Repository Structure

* [`Makefile`](./Makefile)

    `$ make` runs all targets:

    * `$ make sql` to start the MySQL database with the `example-database.sql` data.
    * `$ make convert` to 'apply' the r2rml mapping generated by the expressive-rdf-mapping to the MySQL database, resulting in `ontop-scripts/triples.nt` N-Triples file.

* [`database/`](./database/)

    MySQL database related files and config.

* [`mapping/`](./mapping/)

    [R2RML](https://www.w3.org/TR/r2rml/#abstract) mappings used to convert the MySQL database content into triples. The R2RML mappings are generated using the [expressive-rdf-mapper](https://github.com/zazuko/expressive-rdf-mapper).

* [`ontop-scripts/`](./ontop-scripts/)

    Scripts used to create triples from the MySQL database, using the R2RML mappings.

Commit message:

add example from r2rm w3c recommandation

README.md, after:

# Mapping from MySQL to RDF Triples

This repository is a full example showing how Zazuko [Expressive RDF Mapper (XRM)](https://github.com/zazuko/expressive-rdf-mapper)
can be used together with [Ontop](https://github.com/ontop/ontop) to generate triples out of a MySQL database.

For this example, we will use a basic [example database](https://www.w3.org/TR/r2rml/#example-input-database) from the R2RML W3C Recommendation.

Using the *Expressive RDF Mapper* Eclipse plugin or the VS Code extension, the project will automatically write the mapping to [`./src-gen`](./src-gen).

## Prerequisites

* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-started)
* [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)
* GNU Make

## Repository Structure

* [`Makefile`](./Makefile)

    `$ make` runs all targets:

    * `$ make sql` to start the MySQL database with the `example-database.sql` data.
    * `$ make convert` to 'apply' the r2rml mapping generated by the expressive-rdf-mapping to the MySQL database, resulting in `ontop-scripts/triples.nt` N-Triples file.

* [`database/`](./database/)

    MySQL database related files and config.

* [`mapping/`](./mapping/)

    [R2RML](https://www.w3.org/TR/r2rml/#abstract) mappings used to convert the MySQL database content into triples. The R2RML mappings are generated using the [expressive-rdf-mapper](https://github.com/zazuko/expressive-rdf-mapper).

* [`ontop-scripts/`](./ontop-scripts/)

    Scripts used to create triples from the MySQL database, using the R2RML mappings.
